When I first joined the Navy, they were trying to promote the Nuclear
Propulsion School and they threw a lot of things on my desk. We'll we'll
give you lots of money for school, which they did, and I've I've
sucked it all up after you get out of Navy, then you can have $100,000
your job. And being a kid that was currently working at McDonald's,
that sounded great. You know, like, uh, now I can have that $100,000
your job. No problem. Um, they said, Oh, you know, you become
a veteran and you go to the Post Graduate School and they provide a
lot of different things. But to tell you the truth, all of those kind
of sift into the back to the background. Um, I'm still the name of
this at this time, and I didn't become a nuclear, um, operator. At
the end, however, I did get the challenge that they were talking about.
That's the thing that really drove me tojoin the nuclear propulsion
school. And that's the thing that I think I got the most out of.
I was challenged more than I ever had been in my life, and that's something
that you can't put a price on And that that's a job that I
don't think that most of the other jobs that I saw the Navy wouldn't
provide as much as, um, after getting out of the active duty service,
I was a chief. And, of course, I love, you know, providing opportunities
for people and helping them promote their career, You know,
like all chiefs will say that. But what I personally like for myself
about being, um, still in the Navy reserves is to travel. I did a lot
of port calls when I was in active duty. And I'm telling you, I went
to 13 different countries. Uh, Dubai, Bahrain. Kuwait, um, Japan,
You know, dozens of places, but being in the reserve, you actually
go to these places. They give you a car, they give you a hotel. Uh,
they give you a decent work, they give you money in your pocket and
on the weekends you can explore. So I've seen New York and the capital
and, um, New Hampshire, places that I didn't think that I would
go for a long time. I've seen Washington and you know, swimming the
beaches of Hawaii, and they say that I'm working. That's that's incredible
because I think that it's kind of like a or work vacation.